Split 3.x hosting docs off, create 4.x hosting section (#812)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/tutorials/local-setup.md

> To install a valid certificate, open a terminal in the `cht-core` directory. Ensure the `medic-os` container is running and make this call:

Reviewer: We should drop references to `medic-os` while we're here.

```suggestion
To install a valid certificate, open a terminal in the `cht-core` directory. Ensure the CHT instance is running and make this call:
```
